In this video you're going to learn how to set up a filter to exclude your visits from your Google Analytics
REPORTS.
Now this is an important step to do as you set up your Google Analytics account because you want to
remove the visits that you make to your own site from the reports.
For example you could see that you have 50 visits to your Web site yesterday and you could think that's
great.
However all 50 of those could be coming from you as you go into your site check things blog posts update
things etc..
So without a filter you're not getting an accurate view of your data.
And that's really why you want to add one to access this screen then come down into the bottom left
hand corner and click on admen then you can select the view that you want to add the filter to.
In this case all the select my test view and then I can add the filter by clicking on filters.
Go ahead and click on filter.
You can give the filter the name
exclude
internal traffic only if it has a pre-determined predefined filter and select exclude because they want
to exclude my visits.
Now we have to have a way to identify my visits to the Web site so we can do that by excluding traffic
from my IP address.
Now an IP address is just an identifier and I can say my IP address is equal to my IP address.
Then to get my IP address you type in what's my IP to Google just copy that pasted in and click save.
And now you set up that filter to exclude your internal traffic or your visits to the Web site.
Now a couple of things to note here that each device will have an IP address so if you're accessing
your Web site from your phone you want to add an IP or filter for that.
If you are working from home you will have a different IP address.
And so you will want to that in as well.
If you have other coworkers they'll want to add in and exclude their IP addresses as well.
So now it's your turn to come into the admin section and add a filter to your google news reports so
you can have more accurate data.